Now that you should have to Spring Boot down to our setup,
let's do some testing to make sure we got what we were expecting.
So I'm going to use the same example here.
So we're going to use the same example here for the student grade.
So instead of saying,
"You passed your exam" in the browser, I will say,
"You successfully passed your exam."
So now I change this to,
Let's see what [inaudible] changes.
So now you see without restarting the application server,
with the [inaudible] we can change the code and restart it with the [inaudible].
Let's try to see if we can change the Java code instead.
So if you remember,
we gave the grade 90 so that it passed the exam.
Let's change it to 40 to see how it works.
So after I save it,
you'll notice that in the console,
the application server is on [inaudible] restart.
Let's take a look at the browser.
So instead of saying, you had passed the exam,
this time because of 40, you failed exam.
With the [inaudible]
you don't have to restart the application server, every time we make a change.